improvements to WITH Templates (#85)
VictoriaMetrics/grafana-datasource: README.md

   and this release contains all the needed binaries and checksums.
5. Remove the `draft` checkbox for the `TAG` release and manually publish it.

## How to use WITH templates

The `WITH` templates feature simplifies the construction and management of complex queries.
You can try this feature in the [WITH templates playground](https://play.victoriametrics.com/select/accounting/1/6a716b0f-38bc-4856-90ce-448fd713e3fe/expand-with-exprs).

> The "WITH templates" section allows you to create expressions with templates that can be used in dashboards.

Reviewer: We should mention where WITH expressions are stored. Because re-imported dashboard won't have created with templates in it.

The "WITH templates" section allows you to create expressions with templates that can be used in dashboards.

> ### WITH Expressions Stored

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> WITH expressions are stored in the datasource. This means that if a dashboard is re-imported, the associated WITH templates will not be included unless they are also present in the datasource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WITH expressions are stored in the datasource object. If the dashboard gets exported, the associated WITH templates will not be included in the resulting JSON (due to technical limitations) and need to be migrated separately.
```
